chore: remove videos from html fundamental block (#61564)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-html-fundamentals/670803abcb3e980233da4768.md

### --feedback--

> Refer back to the notes for the correct syntax.

Reviewer: please apply to all three places 

```suggestion
Refer back to the beginning of the lecture for the correct syntax.
```

### --feedback--

> Refer back to the notes for the correct answer.

Reviewer: same here. apply in all three places.

```suggestion
Refer back to the beginning of the lecture for the correct syntax.
```
